---
title: Summer IT Blog- 22/07/17-06/09/17
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /summer-it-blog--22/07/17-06/09/17/
source-id: 1CEH0uj3dCmb7Ejt3BxrauGZ8VAb3_VGtmo5QmRRAwsE
published: true
---
This blog is partly about what work I have done to improve my IT skills over the summer, and partly about reflecting back on the year of IT I have just had. 

So firstly, over the summer, I have done a little bit more work on Codecademy, and I am now about an exercise in front of where I ended the year. I have also been looking through different coding programs when I've got any spare time.

Secondly, over this year at DCGS in IT, I have learnt masses. At first we had to make our own blogs, and I got a little stuck with that. I asked for help, but I still couldn't work it out. When I got home, I went onto my laptop and kept persevering, eventually, I made a fully functional blog, and even managed to change the background. We used our blogs to write a description of every lesson, saying what we did, and what we learnt.  

So the first proper lesson. In the first proper lesson, we used FUZE boxes which were like really simple computers, and we used a booklet to help us and we programmed them. This went on for about 4 weeks, and some people even got to program a robotic arm to pick things up. 

After FUZE boxes, we had a blog check, and then it was time to switch groups.

In the other group, in the first lesson, we were shown how to use a program called Codecademy. We used this program pretty much until the end of the year, apart from a couple of lessons where we had a lesson about breaking down problems.

So all in all, I think I've done very well in IT this year, and I hope that next year will be as enjoyable and positive as the last.

