---
title: Lesson 8
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-8/
source-id: 1EAedWRgmgyfXAO4ABo2a8mYBNMP6dL7XJ40ZiuQo06o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Making random number generator</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>14/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Started making the computer ask questions, and be able to answer yes or no.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>To hopefully start using a more advanced kit, in preparation for programming our robotic arm.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td> Unfortunately, despite getting quite far, me and Ollie didn't quite get onto the challenge of the more programming.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategies that were effective in this lesson were obviously perseverance, because if you weren't able to keep trying on this, then when we get to the harder stuff, you wouldn't stand a chance, and you would just give up. Also, common sense was quite helpful in this lesson of programming, due to the fact that some of the programming needed some thought about, and if you didn't use your common sense, them you would completely programming the wrong thing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning this lesson were, my lack of common sense, and the fact that when there was a problem in our coding, I found it hard to work out where the problem was, and support the problem out so our code was working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, me and Ollie should work a lot faster, so we can get onto the harder stuff and really challenge ourselves, and stretch our brains. We should also try and persevere more, and never give up. Despite all the things that me and Ollie need to work on, I thoroughly enjoyed this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


