---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1flse-795b_YX42d8H95lV0HoqWRnDsAz6zDqfJJognA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Project Stage 1-2 Variables</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>31/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Used Variables last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>My target for this lesson was to understand the basic idea of Variables.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td> I did reach my target, because I used Variables in an effective way, and I started programming the FUZE computer to answer questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think this lesson went well because I managed to start giving the FUZE computer instructions like: Start with one apple. Take away one apple. Repeat until all apples are gone and print: 'All the apples are gone!'. I was quite proud of myself when the programming worked, and I quickly saved it, so I could carry on from where I had left off, next week. I also carried on expanding my work on changing the colour of the text and background, and having the words scroll down the screen at a reasonable pace, so it was relatively easy to read.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning were that due to illness, and two people not having a partner, I had to work on my own, and that was a bit more difficult from having someone to confer with, and to check the coding was correct. Not having a partner also meant that I had to do both roles, (reading and understanding; and typing the code in), which meant I was probably slower than normal, and maybe didn’t do as much as I as expecting or hoping to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to speed up a bit, so as to get more work done, however it wasn’t my fault that there were people that weren’t well. I could improve my learning by if I was really stuck, asking someone for help rather than skipping that particular part, or even worse, giving up.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


