---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 160NU1Ta15dnc2n82u9LuSyGPJDJkcqHKDXD2wNpJvwI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Cover lesson</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>21/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Made random number generator last week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>To maybe get on to use some of the things that we will need when programming our robotic arm.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td> No I didn't reach my target this lesson, however me, Ollie and Tommy came very close.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategies that were effective this lesson were to just keep our heads down, and try and plough through the work. This was helpful, because there were lots of things that could have distracted us this lesson. Also, some people might take it as a chance to mess about, if we have a cover teacher. Me, Ollie and Tommy were quite good, and we worked quite well through the work, and didn't get distracted to much, or more than we should do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that probably limited my learning was that some people were on the extension task, (we had electric component kits, and some of the class were using them), and that poor a lot more pressure on me, Ollie and Tommy, because we would soon get left behind if we didn't work fast enough in the next couple of lessons. Because of the pressure that was being put on us, we might not have been working to our best standard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will try and keep my group from being distracted, and this will result in us being a lot further on in the work, and then we will be at the same level as some of the people in the class shop have already moved on to the electric component kits, and are getting the basic idea of those.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


