---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1bziHPXNfo9_-tzk0Pp15T_UgPDjB6RUw3fyqAEoWYUo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Carrying on with our work on variables</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>28/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>At the end of last lesson had managed to make a moving 'space invader'.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Developing our ‘space invaders’, and making them do more interesting things. Also took get quite far along in the workbook that we work from.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
</td>
    <td> Me, Ollie and Tommy did reach our target, because we got quite far along in the booklet, and we made our ‘space invader’ ask questions like ‘What is your name?’.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategies that were effective this lesson were: asking questions, and checking through the booklet properly. The reasons why these methods were effective were: when asking questions we could understand exactly what we were supposed to be doing. Also checking through the booklet properly was helpful, because then we could look at the diagram to see what our page of coding was supposed to look like.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning were probably when the 'space invader' didn't do what it said it was supposed to do in the booklet, and we couldn't find the mistake in our sheet of coding. This limited or learning because we tried to work out what was wrong for 10-20 minutes, during which time we could have been doing some more coding, or trying out something new.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, me and my group will communicate more, so as we can get through the work more quickly. Also, we need to maybe work a bit faster, so as we can get through more work. Apart from this though we worked quite well. All in all m I really enjoyed this lesson, and hope to do more things like it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


