---
title: Lesson 7
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-7/
source-id: 12uCm6zIIQOsc96ocRZWfz__0T7oHYtAYnRwOt9jb5VI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Asking more complicated questions</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>07/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Made little space invader move around last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>To try and ask the computer questions like what is your name, and make an answer box appear where answers can be put.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td> Me, Ollie and Tommy did reach our target because we managed to get on to questions where the 'player' had to answer yes or no to specific questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During this lesson, the best strategy, when we found something hard, that we found was keeping on persevering, as when me and Tommy were doing the code, we couldn't work out whether a certain place had a space, or whether we had missed a line, however we carried on persevering, and we finally managed to find out the solution. We had missed out a crucial line in our coding. Because we had checked it, we were able to go back through it and correct our mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The habits that I need to work on are: 1) My ability to check through work, and discover where the problem is-this will help when we get to the harder stuff later on, as we will be able to spot the mistake more easily. And 2) My perseverance, when we couldn't find a solution to the problem, I suggested just moving on, however we didn't, and we persevered, and we finally got to the answer-perseverance is good just generally in life.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will come to the lesson with more perseverance in my attitude, and not give up straight after I've tried the only solution I can think of, and it hasn't worked. This will help me, because when we move on to actually programming our robotic arm, if you don't persevere, then you won't do very well, and all the later years won't go well because you haven't had a good start to your learning in year 8.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


