---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1R7a3Fm6S-0F9Y8UYHK7hKMXEss4pW0a9YsweNwla44k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td> Carrying on with the FUZE box</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>     25/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Had started using colours last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>My target was to get quite far along in the booklet, and to start some difficult coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>I did reach my target, because me, Ollie and Tommy got quite far, and we even started doing some quite challenging coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the lesson went quite well, however I could've read the instructions through fully before I jumped to conclusions. I think I cooperated and worked well with my group though, and we got through quite a lot. We did the things on the booklet, however we had a bit of trouble saving our work. This lesson, me and my group were giving the FUZE box and monitor instructions like: 'Boys=5}Girls=10}Class=Boys+Girls}Print Class}', and we had to hope that the computer printed 15.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said before, I think my lack of reading the booklet probably limited my learning, otherwise there weren't many things that limited my learning. Finally, me, Ollie and Tommy managed to save our work, and we were quite proud of ourselves. We also learnt how to change the colour and the text of the background, and how to print a loop.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will read the booklet more, and maybe save my work more, just in case our work gets lost, and then I won't have to start again. All in all though, I enjoyed the lesson and I learnt quite a lot. I think the other two in my group were very helpful, and with the use of teamwork, we managed to tackle our way through a lot of the work together.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


