---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: louis.webber
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 1K228gde5YlXuWuUQ_OCK_z3hqiIGLAP_DNK8WsjP_R8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Project stage 1-3</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>07/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Had started making the computer ask and answer questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>To start asking the computer more complicated questions, like what is your favourite colour.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
</td>
    <td> This lesson I did reach my target because me and Ollie got on to asking the computer questions like 'What is your favourite hobby?' and we saved the work, proud of our good progress.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson, me and Ollie gave the computer instructions like:
PRINT "What is your favourite colour? “; col$;
IF col$<>red PRINT “shame that's not my favourite colour “;
IF col$ = red PRINT “that's my favourite colour too! “;
Giving this instruction would mean that the colour you put in, would be col$, and if that colour was red, then the computer would answer, that that was their favourite colour too, otherwise they would state that that wasn't their favourite colour.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was probably when me and Ollie couldn't work out how to edit the program, and we sat there for a couple of minutes, which wasn't very helpful, as we could have been doing others things, or we could have just asked someone for help. Apart from this, I don't think there were many other things that limited our learning, and there wasn't too much to be improved on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, me and Ollie should probably cut down our chat a bit, unless it's about the work, then it is ok, otherwise we would be distracted from our work, which wouldn't be very good this particular lesson, because we were doing some quite challenging coding, that required are full attention and concentration. All in all though, this lesson was definitely a good one,that I learnt a great deal about coding from.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


